# SLACKEALA
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/PM-4ZvjXZeg
#### Description:
My project is a social media for slackliners, a place where you can upload your own tricks on the slack and see others one, you need to create a profile with your email, put a password and a username. Once you are already in you can see the other people's tricks and you can upload your owns clicking on a navbar, this navbar is in all the pages that the site have on it, you also can go to your profile (or home if you are already on your profile), search for tricks by their name and log out if you wish. If you go to the profile page you can upload a new profile picture or delete the one that you have, also can see there all the videos that you have upload and delete some if you want.
To make this project I use all the new skills learn from cs50x specially Python, Flask, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I do a research on my own to learn a JS framework so I could do nice AJAX request (I would recommend do a new video on AJAX explanation without jQuery) and for this I choose Vue.js because I like how you can progressive start adding things, so in the beginning it's not that complex, like Angular for example. 
I really enjoy minimize the number of pages and replace them with components, where you upload your video is a component and once upload, the window that emerge is also a component (when you close that window you get redirected to the main page). The place where you can upload a new profile picture is also a component.  
The navbar is powered by bootstrap and it helps me with making the page a little more responsive but beside that I don’t use it too much.
For the layout I use Figma first and then try to figure out how to translate it into CSS and HTML. The most difficult part was make it responsive, I really struggle there but I manage to make all the functions of the page available.
I did all this on Visual Studio Code, the back end in Python and Flask and the front end with JS and Vue.js, I struggle with calling variables on HTML because Flask and Vue use the same keys to call them (“{{ }}”) so I change the Flask ones for “[[ ]]”, the inside the HTML I have to convert the Flask variables into Vue variables because Vue don’t allow the direct manipulation if it come from flask (at least I couldn’t do it). Also I have to change the strings that came out from the Data Base because Flask won’t read the files if they don’t start with “../static”.
I put all the folders where the users upload their data inside the static folder of Flask. These files folders are **profilePics** and **videos**, also in the static folder there is another folder named **skins**, inside this folder I put all the SVG images that I made on Figma. I pass a really long time with the design but I enjoyed a lot.
The allowed file for video is only **.mp4** and for images are **.jpeg, .jpg** and **.bmp**.
From the HTML files I try that the user only upload what is asked, but because you cannot trust a user input, I also put some functions in flask to avoid injection attacks with the file names, or the user uploading a file that is not asked.
In the HTML files there is all the JavaScript and Vue.js code with also the CSS, this HTML files are in the templates folder and there are only four, **index.html, login.html, profile.html** and **video.html**.
I make a helpers.py file for the @login_required. I took it from the problem set number 9.
The picture in the login/register  page is from Aidan Williams here it is the website: https://www.aidanwilliamsphoto.com/ and here the Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/aidanwilliamsphoto/.
The videos are from Ian Eisenberg, one big inspiration for me, because I am really in love with this sport and I think he is one of the best freestylers in the world, the video where I took them it’s called Trickpedia and his Instagram is: https://www.instagram.com/ian_eisenberg/.
And the other is from Andy Lewis one of the craziest guys in the world that have done so much for the sport, He is a legend and his Instagram is: https://www.instagram.com/sketchyandylewis/.
I am really thankful for all the effort that the team of cs50x have been doing all these years, you give me back the joy for coding in a very fun and didactic way. This project it take me more that would I want but I am very satisfied with the result and I really enjoy the road to it.
